[v4] SEO tags (#482)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/optional/sso.md

---
title: Single Sign-On (SSO) - Strapi Developer Documentation

> description: Strapi's Single Sign-On allows you to configure additional sign-in and sign-up methods for your administration panel. It requires an Entreprise Edition with a Gold plan.

Reviewer: This description is too long, it would be nice to not exceed 160 characters :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Strapi's SSO allows you to configure additional sign-in and sign-up methods for your administration panel. It requires an Entreprise Edition with a Gold plan.
```
